we have a problem there that month
January because rain is missing
especially in the southeast region
we had until the rains enough
in the north center of mines
in the holy spirit and also in the
rio de janeiro during the month of december
but there was a lot of rain in São Paulo and the
the first half of January was marked
then dry weather at 1 with little rain
really in most areas of the
southeast
some more temporal storms fell in a
day in place
another day in the other and temporal is not this
dam how will you get there the
rainfall conditions with the estimated
for this second fortnight of
January we'll see how it goes
so the wet conditions are better
here looks at a majority of the southeast
also from the center of west of Brazil to the
on the 22nd we will have more
rainfall instability more
frequent that can be several strong
Areas of Mato Grosso
federal mines and even the area
leaving the river and the Holy Spirit can
accumulate up to more than 100 millimeters
in the next five days to
very little rainfall to the south of the
Brazil, right?
the air is very dry in the south and most
Northeastern areas will also have few
the rainy season until January 22 in the
from 23 to 27 January the conditions for
rain starts to decline again over the
southeast region of the
Brazil
we're going to have a dry air mass
gaining strength again and then his back
to reduce but see only one
concentration of rainfall between the
amazon né the mato grosso mato region
southern and also the region
important here of the mining triangle
south-central goiás
these areas should still be their
bulky, and there may be 150
millimeters in the accumulated period
also interesting to note that back
tense to rain showers more frequent
also about the south region of brazil
however it is very worrying that
trend towards the end
January and the very beginning of February to
expectation that a large system of
high pressure to reinforce again on
southeast and center-west of the country and
the rain reduction then we should
start the month of February again
in a very hot situation and few
rainfall in most of the southeast as well
part of the west central part of the country